Let's learn how to create a dashboard.
Let's say that I want to use the previous query and I want to run this,
or maybe I want to get a graph which tells me the top HHID or the count every one hour.
So this is how the search query is going to look like.
I want to create a panel out of it or I want to create a dashboard out of it.
So let's create that.
So I clicked on Create new dashboard.
The title is optional.
I usually would add some meaningful title,
but for now, I'm just going to add test.
There are certain permissions available private or shared in the app.
If you keep it private,
this is only available for you.
I would usually use this for testing personally or I would just share it in the app.
I'm going to keep it private for now,
and I'm going to create a test dashboard.
It says, this is already available.
So I'm going to create a test1 and create a test1 dashboard.
So I have the frame for a dashboard.
What I need to create now is an panel.
Now, let's get used to this particular screen and click on New.
So over here, you would see that there are various forms of dat,
charts available like, line chart,
area, column, bar, pie, scatter.
Well, you're free to go ahead and explore each of them.
I would recommend that you at least try the line and pie chart,
which are used a lot in the industry.
For right now, I'm going to just stick to a line chart and I'm going to add
the search string which was the string that
we had before which we have run the search on.
You can also try to implement it or run it from here.
Then I'm going to use a bucket on it which will help me
to find out the data at every hour.
So I'm going to use a default_time which has a time of indexing in it.
I'm going to add one hour to it.
This is my line chart.
Let me see if everything looks good.
Line chart with HHID,
and I would add this to dashboard.
So this graph is what we created by adding that panel.
As you see, this as a line chart and these are
the HHIDs that are available with the counts.
So I did not add anything to the title.
You're free to add some title here. That's it.
So this is how you would create a dashboard,
do not forget to save it for your future use.
Otherwise, this is going to not be available.
You also get an option to export the PDF,
which we'll take the screenshot or the state at this point in time,
which you can send to people that required this information.
One more thing that might come in handy is being able to share these dashboards.
All you do is either share on the app or you can just export it,
or you can also change permissions and make it available to them.
So that's all about dashboards.
But I encourage you to go ahead and create
more dashboards and use different charts so that
you can see what it will look like when a pie chart or a bar graph or something else,
how does it look and does make any sense to you,
and you can then put them right next to each other and make
some extremely nice analytics dashboard for yourself.